in the wilderness
economy doesn't exist
the only economy we have is an
economy of motion
I have no electricity no running
water if the world came to an
end
I could totally take care of
myself my blacksmith thing puts
food on the table
it's my main means of barter
that's how I get most of my
stuff primitive blacksmith Derik
has lived in this rocky mountain
cabin for 22 years
it's harder to live off the grid
than it is to live in society
every spring Derek transforms
his rugged mountain property
into a working homestead with
the help of three mules the
mules are really going to get a
lot of chores . up here they're
gonna help me take a big load
off my back over the winner
Derek's homestead was hit with
seven feet of snow to ensure his
mule survive the bitter cold
derrick move them to a friends
covered stable 15 miles away
this Corral need a lot of work i
got to get this thing cleaned up
for those meals now with spring
approaching Derek must rebuild
the Mules corral before it gets
them back to work
I don't get this fence line down
i will have nowhere to keep my
mules
it's getting these poles ready
for tripods it's a big project
getting this all tied together i
would love to be able to go to
Home Depot and buy all the
cement and posts and hardware
that I need to make a real
corral but I choose not to buy
materials because the forest
gives me everything I here i put
X's across crossbars and then I
put a ton of debris on it
this will totally keep those
meals and check its highly
intimidating real pokey
dangerous bank and try and jump
that solid all the work that I
do is the price you pay to live
free